Subtitles and Timing brought to you by the Oh My Baby Team @ viki
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
If you wore your clothes, leave.
Please leave. I'm very embarrassed right now.
I don't want to. It's a chance for me to do whatever I want, so why would I leave?
What are you going to do?
Are you expecting something?
Let's not be like this from the morning.
What do you think I'm going to do?
Maybe something that would get you hit or treated well?
Tada!
♫ Can you see my feelings for you? ♫
♫ Can you hear my voice that calls for you? ♫
♫ Shining brightly like a star ♫
Thank you.
- Please leave now.
- Okay, rest up.
Okay, here, here, here. Eat all of this.
No, how am I going to eat all of this?
Eat and then eat more.
I'm worried that you'll fly away because you're so skinny.
But why are you sitting next to me?
Well, this is comfortable.
Are you being shy right now?
Look at me.
Huh? Why can't you? Look at me.
No, it's because I may not let you eat.
So I'm not looking at you. Oh, oh?
Are you being shy right now?
Look at me. Look at me.
Look in front of you. Enjoy your breakfast with the countryside view.
Is this what you call lovers who look at the same things (have the same goals)?
Well, you can look at the front, side, and back.
Let's look at every aspect without missing anything.
Correct! I'll eat well.
I'll eat well. But it's so much.
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me. Only you... ♫
Mom!
Is Mom not here?
About yesterday, I...
Doha.
Don't cry.
See you!
Goodbye!
See you tomorrow!
It's 10,000,000 won. Take it.
I only asked for 500. Why are you giving me this?
You don't have to pay me back.
Take this and don't contact Okhee ever again. Okay?
Seriously... When did I ever say I would not pay you back?
Jang Geunseop,
I don't want to talk to you.
No matter how shameless you are, you can't do this. How dare you ask for money?
If I had a choice, I wouldn't have.
Even if you're about to die without 5,000,000 won,
don't show up in front of me or Okhee ever again. I can't stand to see you.
What have I done to you for you to be like this?
How can you say that with how I lived because of you?
You live well!
What's the point of talking with you. It only makes me angry.
Hari is doing well, right?
Why are you looking for Hari?
Since she's my daughter, I'm looking for her because I miss her!
Hari doesn't have a father.
You're worse than a stranger to her.
Do you think she wouldn't be hurt? If you consider her your daughter,
if you're  human, don't even think about contacting her.
Hey, hey!
[Phone]
[My Daughter^^❤]
Are you home? Can I go there now?
Why call and then come?
How am I supposed to know what you and your boyfriend are doing?
Isn't that why I'm on the second floor?
So don't let me catch you.
I'll try my best to avoid the worst of situations.
You're boiling that again? I'll do it myself.
When do you have the time? Be quiet and make sure you drink it.
The kettle.
You can't keep dealing with it when you don't feel good.
You really do need to marry soon.
Does it have to be Han Yisang? No one else catches your eye?
I don't have room for anyone else.
You always gave your heart away, even if you got hurt.
I wish you could be harsher and more shrewd and consider your feelings first.
Do you not like Yisang?
You. You, the softie, is who I dislike.
Live a life where you receive a lot of love from your husband. Don't be like me.
[Episode 13: The Reason Life Gives You Hardships]
You came out early.
You're the one who came out early.
I always come at this time. Why are you here so early?
Because I wanted to quickly go to work, my eyes opened in a flash!
Oh, Chief Editor! Good morning. Hello.
Hold on.
I...
Drink this.
[Pomegranate Ade]
To be honest, I wanted to give it to you last time. But I'm giving it now. It's pomegranate juice.
You're taking care of my health? Thank you.
I, hold on... I have to talk with Eutteum.
You can go on up first.
Okay.
Go in first!
Why do you like the manager? Do you have something like a younger man-older woman fantasy?
Aren't I prettier?
No, the chief editor is prettier.
You're still foolishly playing innocent.
Coldly end it. That way you can move on.
I did send it off well.
It's my first time having those feelings, so if I did coldly end it, it'd remain as a bad memory.
How can you end your one-sided love like that?
The affectionate feelings were pretty, and just because the feelings weren't returned, it doesn't mean they weren't sincere.
How can I end it badly?
Work hard.
That man... I want him.
Hi, good morning.
- Hello.
- You're here early.
I'm in a really good mood!
[9UCCI]
[Waste]
Oh, that's nice. Nice.
I think we got it. You can go get changed.
Are you surprised that I'm good at taking wedding photos, too?
I have this wide of a spectrum!
Should I take one like this, too?
Are you getting married?
I want to. And I have to.
You'll get a nagging wife in your world, though.
Sounds like it'll be sweet.
You'll struggle over your kids' tuition like me.
I want to be responsible like you.
Thank you.
You'll never be able to do things you've never done before!
We can do it together. Wouldn't Hari do them with me?
Get married and see. It won't be the world you dreamed of.
But even though I complain about how hard it is, it's not as exhausting as I make it sound.
It's fine even if it's exhausting.
I love Hari selfishly and shamelessly.
So no matter what, I have to make her happy.
Oh, Jaeyoung!
Auntie.
What brings you here?
Well, the weather's nice. Let's go on a date.
I come here often.
I feel it every time I come, but I think it's uselessly expensive.
Why would you waste money uselessly?
Wow, the talk so smoothly went right into nagging.
Taking care of me, giving me a place to sleep and eat,
washing my clothes, as well as babysitting my kid...
You should be complaining with, "Is this the best you can do?"
Why would I complain when you're treating me to an expensive meal?
Can you be taking a lunch break this long? Do you not have patients?
Not sure if it's unlucky or lucky, but I'm getting more patients by the day.
I wanted to earn a lot and buy you something good.
I'll come by often. Let's go on a date again.
You're going to leave?
I should.
How can I see Hari now?
There's nothing I can do either.
Jaeyoung,
because you're too good to let go of,
I've acted terribly to you out of my own greed.
No, Auntie. I... I was being greedy about Hari.
So when you and my mom were pregnant with us,
why didn't you just promise each other you'd have us get married to each other and become in-laws like everyone else?
I know. When everyone else was doing it, why didn't we?
We should have arranged your marriage and married you two off at 20 years old.
And become suddenly fond of each other while disliking each other and arguing.
You came to like each other.
But because of the arranged marriage, you misinterpreted your true feelings and parted.
And then dramatically realizing each other's feelings and falling in love, ending in marriage.
It's that kind of an authentic and stale... story...
Now that we've said it out loud, it doesn't sound all that great.
I know. It's not fun.
Have a lot.
Him taking a vitamin is that sad?
You know, too. He's taking it for treatment.
He's doing it because he wants to. There's nothing to be sad about.
Are you cheering us on? I'm grateful.
Well, I was continuously rooting for you two.
Now, Taerin, let's have you put on the outfit.
Mom.
You thought I was your mom? Where would your mom be?
Let's go look for your mom.
- Mom!
- I'm here!
Should we change? Do you want to pick it out, Taerin?
Let's do this one.
Let's change. How pretty.
Should we try that on? Let's go.
Oh, my ID.
Turn around.
Did you leave it at the studio? Seriously!
Hey, help me out.
Shouldn't you buy a ring first?
I don't know her size. How do I give it to her in secret?
Wow. That's a Mission Impossible mission!
Even if you look at her finger, she'll know.
What about where to propose?
How about a cathedral?
It seems reverent and trustworthy.
And Hari has a bit of a Mother Teresa-like vibe, too.
I never would have known that's the impression she gave off.
Hey, why don't you just propose at the cathedral and do a wedding, too?
Oh, correct answer.
Ding! Wrong answer. That's not right.
Hey, wouldn't it be a problem if she's Buddist?
Now that I think about it, I don't know her religion.
Where would be a good place?
It's complicated.  A high-order equation.
[Jambi Studio]
Oh my! Oh my god!
He's going to propose!
Oh, how nice! I'm envious!
But doesn't it ruin it to know already?
Since it's happened, you might as well get ready for it!
- Marry me.
- Would you marry me?
Getting married!
What happy news!
Let's go upstairs quickly!
Let's go!
When am I getting a proposal?
I guess I'm getting proposed to...
Amazing.
What do I do?
Oh!
Wow.
[Dachae Media]
No way. It wouldn't be today.
No way. When I open the car door, balloons won't pop out and I'll find a million roses inside, right?
No way... in plain view of coworkers?
Hold on.
What are you doing? Where are you going?
Why are you opening the trunk?
Don't do it!
I mean, in front of work? Oh, wow.
It won't take long.
It's almost done. You can get in first.
It could get dusty doing it in front of the office, so...
Just as I thought. You care so much about your company. Please get in.
No way... he won't suddenly propose in the car, will he?
What do I say?
Yes!
This is more than just a goal. (referring to soccer)
Thank you?
That's not it either. Then "Let's do it"? "Okay"?
- Open the glove compartment for a second.
- I don't want to!
- W-What?
- What?
- Oh, there's⁠—
- No.
I'm not ready to receive it yet.
I see.
- Please let me out over there.
- What?
Why? Aren't we eating together?
I even made a reservation at a nice restaurant.
With a grand piano...
It must be a place that has no other customers today of all days, right?
How did you know? I reserved a nice restaurant.
But... I don't think there was a grand piano.
I think there was an old upright piano, though.
Please stop over there.
I have an appointment. Let's go next time.
Sorry for going like this.
I will take a good look at my own feelings, too,
so think about... whether this is your best, too.
Does she not like flowers? Or the restaurant?
What did I do wrong?
It's called cold feet.
What's that?
It's a fear that you get before you marry.
Hey, you know your life changes after you marry.
Your heart is shouting that you need to run away.
Why run away?
I know I've given it up before, but I've been dreaming of it for 39 years.
Dreaming is what you do when you imagine the ideal person you want to have.
Reality is different.
You dreamed about a brilliant utopia and you crossed the Pacific Ocean
and traveled through the desert to get there, but you found out it's an empty plain.
Because you might feel that, you're scared.
Well, I just dreamed of having an ordinary family.
WIth a husband cozily raising the kids.
Living all lovey-dovey. Like others.
Hey. It's the hardest to live like others.
Dreaming about having an ordinary and happy family,
isn't it because you've never had that?
You mean... my dad?
It could be so. But I don't only have bad memories about my dad.
Dad treated me well.
He taught me how to ride a bike.
Dad taught me how to swim by going to the valley every summer, too.
And without mom knowing, he bought me junk food, too.
But he left.
Yisang doesn't seem like he would leave since he's firm,
but why am I not able to take the nervousness into expectations but nervously run away?
Hey. That— Aren't you just scared that he'll propose weirdly?
Right? It's probably that, right?
But... think about it at least once when you get cold feet.
Because it's the last chance for you to be cool-headed in the hottest moment.
Thank you. You're so smart.
[Notice of power outage due to inspection of the electric grid system]
Yoon Jaeyoung.
Yoon Jaeyoung, are you upset that I didn't go look at houses with you?
Should I go with you this weekend?
Jaeyoung. Friend. Release your anger.
I have a problem. You have to listen to it while eating intestines.
And I can listen to your problem, too.
Friend!
I understand, so stop it.
The friend that you want...
I'm sorry but I can't be it right now.
If you thought about me, you should have told me when he asked you for money.
Forget it. I won't tell you to vacate the store so don't cater to him.
Why did he ask for Hari's number? Don't you dare tell him!
He needs to see Hari?
[Dachae Media]
You're... interviewing the infertile couple later, right?
Yes. Jihye has the potential to miscarry, so only Sangmin is coming.
Is she doing badly?
I don't think there will be any problems. It has to be that way.
Interviewing infertile couples... are you okay doing it?
Why? Do you think it might only make me worry more?
I'm worried you'll pretend it's not hard when it is.
Hari... promise me.
Later, tell me if you are having a hard time or hurting.
That way I can hug you.
Why do you keep saying you're going to hug me?
Do you just want to hug me when you see me?
Do you not have any thoughts of letting go of your baggage and living in my pocket?
How do you keep getting more silly by the day?
Think about it seriously. Don't you want to be with each other every day?
- Hold on.
- Every day?
You're going to do it here?
I don't think this is right. During the day and when there are people around.
Hold on. Wait.
- This isn't it.
- Wait.
No, then where do I tie my shoelace?
Hari! Then I won't do it when there are people around!
Why are you on the streets doing that?!
On the streets... then where?
I don't know. This isn't it.
Is it embarrassing to tie my shoe on the streets?
She's picky.
What's wrong with me?
Hari's finger size is 11.
Director has no religion. Cathedral is a no-no.
This... keep it in your pocket.
Let's go.
Proposal advice is okay.
You may inquire about events. Cannot contact me after work hours.
- Mr. Eutteum.
- Yes?
Can you look at this file with me?
Okay.
- Oh, hello!
- Yeah.
- I... Can I ask you something?
- Yeah, of course.
You're not perhaps... the grandson of the CEO, right?
Like learning the ropes of the business while hiding your real identity by working up from the bottom.
No. I told you last time.
What my parents do.
Your parents are great,
but you could have lied to cover it up.
But well, if not, then never mind.
Why are you like this?
I just know that I gave up my dream and made a huge decision.
Anyway, we should eat dinner together later.
If it's because of the police station from the last time,
then it's okay. You don't have to buy me a meal.
I'll buy the meal so you buy the dessert!
Wait, wait.
- So you're going about like this.
- Are you making reservations?
Hold on. Okay.
Where did you reserve for?
[You got a gift. Choikang Eutteum sent you the Americano dessert set as a gift.]
I sent you a dessert.
It's okay for you to not buy me a meal!
Work hard! Work hard!
What?
What's your religion?
I'm Catholic.
So you're a church brother.
Like this, like this, like this?
I also want to attend, but it's hard to go in.
You just need to go to Sunday Mass.
No, I'm saying because I know nothing,
it's hard to go by myself.
Which church do you go to?
Isn't evangelism result-driven, too? Try evangelizing me.
It's not like that. Every district has its differences,
so look into it and go to a cathedral near your home.
Work hard!
Oh, that loach-like punk. I just can't get a hold of him!
If I grab here, he runs away this way. If I grab here, he runs away that way.
Seriously...
Doha, have fun.
Don't worry about me.
If Doha eats and then doesn't get a snack, she'll get irritated.
She likes to hold snacks in both hands while eating,
so make sure to let her hold one in each hand.
Okay.
And Doha can't sleep without her doll.
Leave it next to her when she sleeps.
Okay. I'm going.
And Doha...
If I'm curious about something, I'll call you.
Doha, who is this?
It's Dad. You can't forget about me.
I said I'll bring her back tomorrow.
If you were like this back then, it would have been nice.
But even so... I took responsibility of Doha till the end.
But you... placed more importance on your career.
Jihye is okay, right?
She's just lying down and not moving.
She'll be okay.
I hope so.
If this doesn't work out, I would be hurt, but I think she would take it very hard.
She's been trying to get pregnant for years after giving up her job.
Whenever it doesn't work out, she cries to the point of fainting.
Why complain about how hard it is for me?
I want a baby, but since my wife is so desperate to have one,
I can't tell her to let's give up,
and watching her is so tough.
You must feel so sorry for her.
Right. There's nothing I can do but pray.
I'm sure my prayers will be answered this time.
Of course.
Just in case... don't feel sorry.
You're pushing back the surgery even though you need it.
You're not holding it in when it hurts so much, are you?
You were worried about that...
Your time is almost up.
If my results aren't good,
only think about yourself.
It's okay to do that.
Mom?
Why are you coming here instead of home?
What are you doing here?
I came out to get some air.
I also want to get some air with you.
Mom,
if you didn't have me, how do you think you would have lived?
I probably would have somehow lived.
Instead of working to keep you from having you go hungry, I would have worked so I wouldn't go hungry.
If I'm lonely, I'd find something fun and spend time doing that.
I would have lived without knowing what's good about having a child.
The happiness that a child gives you.
When you're having a hard time and you can depend on your child, that's also happiness.
Are you anxious that you might not have a baby?
Kind of.
If...
I marry,
and I don't have a baby
and the husband leaves, how do I live?
Why would you think that?
Because you think you'll live like me?
Oh, no. No!
I'm just thinking about the what-ifs.
Since life doesn't go the way you want.
Think positive. Then things will turn out well.
If there's nobody next to you,
I shouldn't die and stay beside you like this.
Yeah.
Please. For sure.
Seriously.
Seriously...
This is nice.
This time, we'll recommend the diapers in the article for diaper rashes.
Like the last time, we just have to emphasize its air-permeability, right?
Yes.
But... for the renewal of the advertising contract,
how's the ambiance on your side?
That's...
Is it difficult over there, too, these days?
We do paper ads and online ads together,
so we can work on bringing down the unit cost.
Can you perhaps set up a meeting with the director in charge?
It's not that. Because of the rumors that "the baby" is being discontinued,
they don't want to renew their contract.
It's not really being discontinued, is it?
Who said that?
That's unbelievable.
Restructuring?
Sales keep falling.
We have to lower our spending.
We are short-staffed as it is.
Because we can't use freelancers, I'm even writing the first drafts like any other reporter.
Can't we make the employees into contracted workers or freelancers?
Then they'll probably quit.
Director Jang,
we have to get through this difficult time wisely
so that "the baby" will live on for decades more
as the only infant care magazine in the country. Don't you agree?
Then...
I'll think about a way to increase sales and ads.
Let's talk about downsizing the labor force after that.
Bring me the restructuring proposal at the same time.
- Oh.
- Director, we lost another advertiser.
They don't want to renew their contract?
There's a rumor going around in this field that we're being discontinued,
so they all seem to be hesitant about renewing.
Let's quickly think of an event to show that we're still going on strong.
The advertising department should come up with a marketing plan as well.
Okay. That's a given, of course.
How about doing a cover model selection contest?
When we did it before, the feedback was good.
It's not bad, but isn't there something new?
How about doing a bazaar with all the infant care items we have stacked up in storage?
It's not that great. What about an online event?
And you have a way to do that?
You know the influencers on social media sites,
don't you young people have any ideas?
I like the idea of influencers.
Gathering them and doing a collaboration on social media.
It could be good.
Are you working late from tonight?
Then I should send late-night snacks.
I also have an important project so I'm studying right now.
Because I'm someone who isn't negligent about learning.
When you're done, call me if you need me to drive you home. Okay.
Chief Han has sent us late-night snacks.
Oh, nice!
Hey! Leave some for me. I'm going to eat after finishing this.
Let's just eat now.
I think it'll help us work better.
Come quickly! They're going to eat everything!
Mom, I'll be home late since today is the deadline.
I'm not home either because I came to Donghae by night train to the alpine club.
We're ready for your exam.
You're not at the hospital, right?
What? No.
- Okay.
Yes.
It looks good.
- Eat up.
- I'll eat well!
We're ready for your exam.
Do you know where Mom went?
She said she's going to Gangneung with her alpine club.
- You didn't know?
- I did.
But... the alpine club doesn't really go away on weekdays.
Is Doha sleeping?
Doha's mom has her for a bit.
That's good.
What's this?
Why did the lights go off?
They said in order to do a safety check,
they were going to shut if off. Did you not hear?
There was a notice stuck here.
No, I didn't see it.
Where are the candles?
Hey, the candles should be somewhere here.
I'm going to leave soon.
Did you find a house?
Yeah.
I see.
Have you ever had your heart flutter when looking at me?
For a little bit during middle school when I hit puberty.
For me, it was elementary school.
You were my first love.
Why are you talking about something from 30 years ago?
When we went to the study rooms in high school together,
rumors about me liking you were spread around, remember?
They weren't joking though.
Even if I knew that then, nothing would have changed between us.
It probably would have.
Either I would be beside you like how I am now,
or we would have had a fallout and never seen each other again.
Because I was scared of that, I kept letting go of the opportunities to date you.
What are you saying? We saw each other go through so many relationships.
That's true. Why am I thinking about the feelings that I had forgotten about now?
Do you know what was fascinating when I started doing a parenting magazine?
I've never fallen in my entire life.
My life went so smoothly that I was conceited about how I lived.
But when my life took a nosedive at nearly forty years old, I collapsed hopelessly.
There are a lot of good fathers out there.
Like when you came to our house, I thought every father was a yahoo.
I resented the world for giving me such a hardship late in life,
but it wasn't a hardship.
It was an opportunity to look back on what was wrong with my life and what I missed.
I knew it looking at you.
That a father and a baby grow up together.
You grew up into an amazing father.
It's my last chance to find what I lost.
I know it now.
The reason why life is giving me one last chance is because of you.
I'm going to go up.
Hari,
I like you a lot.
Even if it's like this, if I don't confess to you,
I don't think I'll be able to end it.
You shouldn't have done it.
You shouldn't have told me.
How can I lose you again?
Like an adolescent boy, once I'm done being excited, hurt, and being sick like this,
I'll mature a little more. Right?
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
♫ No matter how you look  ♫
Thanks to you, I become an adult again.
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
♫ I'll protect you ♫
I was always thankful and sorry to you.
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
Hey.
Always be happy, Jang Hari.
♫ The words that I have held onto for so long ♫
♫ I love you ♫
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
♫ In every form  ♫
♫ I'll protect you ♫
♫ Be by my side, right here ♫
♫ Even if we're far away  ♫
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
♫ I pray that my feelings have reached you ♫
[Studio Hoon Leather Atelier]
[the baby Editing Department]
Yes?
Hari, is something going on with your mom?
She didn't come to the leather workshop.
She probably hasn't come back from Donghae yet.
Ah, okay.
Yeah, Aunt? Is my mom hurting somewhere?
Her stomach cancer hasn't returned, has it?
Tell me. Don't make me the only one who doesn't know.
You're saying I should keep working again without knowing that Mom is sick?
Then I'll be very upset.
It knots me up.
Why is Mom there?
[Aunt Okran]
Yes, Auntie?
Jaeyoung, I'm at the hospital right now.
I think Hari will cry and raise a fuss when she comes, so come and take her home.
Yeah, I'm asking you for a favor. Okay.
[Jang * Seop]
You came?
What are you doing here, Mom?
Are you Hari?
You grew up prettily. I heard you turned 39 this year.
Hari, give me that and go. It's not something you should worry about.
Is this something you need to concern yourself with?
He's a stranger.
Why are you here taking care of him?
He's in the last stage of liver cancer.
They say he'll be okay with surgery, so I'm going to leave once the surgery's done.
Exactly why would you be present for that?
If you're concerned, get him a caregiver.
After all he's done to you, why would you suffer again?
I'll take care of it myself. You go and do your own work.
You also resent him!
If he didn't leave like that,
you wouldn't have had to go work at 4:00 a.m. and come back with swollen hands and feet at 10:00 p.m.!
I feel so sorry for you from that time that it hurts me to this day!
Why are you keeping all that in your heart?
I was worried you'd be like this, so I didn't want you to see him. Why are you here?
I'm not doing this because I care for him, so ignore this and go to work.
No, I don't like you being here like this. Let's go home.
I'm doing this for a reason!
It upsets me!
Do you think you'll feel at ease after hearing that your homeless dad passed away at a hospital from a sickness?
I'm not doing this for him, I'm doing it for me so that you don't end up getting upset.
Because it's like that, you don't have to make a mess!
Why do you think I'm this upset?
I don't care if someone who wasn't around until now dies or not.
He never appeared once since he left.
Whether he's hurt or not, I don't even hate him anymore.
Why do I have to feel hurt?
I'm sorry.
For making that kind of person be your father.
Why are you sorry!?
I'm okay, so just leave.
♫ I'm still with you in the same time frame ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to be beside you ♫
♫ Goodbye to the painful and very lonely days ♫
♫ Goodbye now ♫
Hello?
Han Yisang...
Okay, I understand.
♫ At the end of a long day ♫
♫ you are still there ♫
♫ As if it were a dream, ♫
♫ I call your name ♫
♫ once again ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same time frame ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to be by your side ♫
It's okay.
Don't cry.
I'm here.
♫ Goodbye now ♫
♫ Like a dream that moves away when you approach it ♫
♫ I hope you don't disappear from me ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same time frame ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to be by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye to the painful and very lonely days ♫
♫ Goodbye now ♫
♫ Goodbye to the very lonely days ♫
Doctor Jeong, please come to the surgery room.
[Jang Tae, In Surgery, Recovery Room]
I just don't understand it.
Even if I dislike him, he's my father,
so I have to see him even if I don't want to.
But why can't my mom, who has become strangers with him, turn her back to him?
When love fails to meet my expectations, and the relationship becomes a scar,
would I be able to stand strong like my mom?
Hari, you're busy, right?
If you have time, could I see you at the studio?
Hari.
Come here.
We... don't have a picture of the two of us, right?
Look at the lens over there and smile.
Now, we're going to get a picture together.
From now on, the days we spend together and all the moments we are together for.
Jang Hari.
Let's...
Subtitles and Timing brought to you by the Oh My Baby Team @ viki
get married.
♫ So I'm gonna say I'll be there ♫
♫ Embrace that heart ♫
♫ Remember the love that stays by your side ♫
♫ It's not too far away ♫
♫ Open your heart and look ♫
♫ Because I'm here, the heart that I want to show you ♫
♫ My love is all around ♫
[Oh My Baby]
I'm sorry.
In the end...
Oh! A ring!
It's harder to get a baby after the surgery, right?
We'll have to see how it progresses,  it could become harder than it is now.
Hari!
Open up! Jang Hari!
If it was me, Hari would not suffer to that extent.
Telling me to have surgery is like telling me to give up on a baby.
♫  It's not too far away  ♫
♫  Open your heart  ♫